DOC-2066: Added TINY-9823 to the release notes. (#2780)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

In {productname} 6.5, the markup was fixed by replacing the div element with a `<span>` element, aligning it with HTML guidelines. As a result, the updated close buttons now pass HTML markup checkers without throwing errors.

=== Applying lists did not work if the selection included a block element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute set.
//#TINY-9823

Previously, if there was a non-editable element in the text-selection, inserting or applying a bullet or numbered list to the selection failed. As a consequence, when the user pressed the insert list button while a non-editable element was included in the selection, nothing happened.

> For {productname} 6.5 the logic for inserting lists was updated. With this update everything within the selection — except for the non-editable element — is turned into a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For {productname} 6.5 the logic for inserting lists was updated. With this update everything within the selection — except for the block element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute set — is turned into a list.
```

> === Applying lists did not work if the selection included a block element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute set.
> //#TINY-9823
> 
> Previously, if there was a non-editable element in the text-selection, inserting or applying a bullet or numbered list to the selection failed. As a consequence, when the user pressed the insert list button while a non-editable element was included in the selection, nothing happened.
> 
> For {productname} 6.5 the logic for inserting lists was updated. With this update everything within the selection — except for the block element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute set — is turned into a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Applying lists did not work if the selection included a block element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9823

Previously, if there was a non-editable element in the text-selection, inserting or applying a bullet or numbered list to the selection failed. As a consequence, when the user pressed the insert list button while a non-editable element was included in the selection, nothing happened.

For {productname} 6.5 the logic for inserting lists was updated. With this update everything within the selection — except for the block element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set — is turned into a list.
```

Corrected attribute strings: added missing quote-marks around attribute value.

> === Applying lists did not work if the selection included a `contenteditable=false` block element.
> //#TINY-9823
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, applying lists would not work if the selection included a `contenteditable="false"` block element. This was due to the fact that if there was a non-editable element in the text-selection, inserting or applying a bullet or numbered list to the selection would fail. As a consequence, when the user pressed the insert list button while a non-editable element was included in the selection, nothing would happen.
> 
> To resolve this issue, the logic for inserting lists was updated in the latest version of {prouductname}. The new approach ensures that everything within the selection, except for the non-editable element, is turned into a list. With this fix in place, when the user presses the insert list button, all elements within the selection, excluding the non-editable one, will be transformed into a list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Applying lists did not work if the selection included a block element with a `contenteditable=false` attribute set.
//#TINY-9823

Previously, if there was a non-editable element in the text-selection, inserting or applying a bullet or numbered list to the selection failed. As a consequence, when the user pressed the insert list button while a non-editable element was included in the selection, nothing happened.

For {productname} 6.5 the logic for inserting lists was updated. With this update everything within the selection — except for the non-editable element — is turned into a list.
```

Edits.
